so how did you work out today
you know all the calm and just here
restless horse worn worn worn
I wear where the seminar I can not live
Girl loves horse pancake and forest
opala oh I'm in shock and it means like this
then you clean his buckle
weighed by the will of molts thing because
let me wait for you later in the coaching ok
and your her truth tatra forces this tournament
martingale your till morning saddle poke ok
let's go then that little day
put up with
so tall a horse is that so go
here a little feat of seam running away and
here so here ate mind super hands
ate the brand
he and so where do not leave the plot too
big for me to big big
so two anyone in what i right now about
heavy
go home come on come on and on
arise and let's go let's go drink that's how
once children well let's go home so no letters
where you realized you will not go just for the
money and you will not walk clear you
don't even think yours today may 6
will act
you don't hear my family 6th okay
Okay, and you will be here okay
all chumbur will now come to you on from
chairs carrot that's the same damn you I will not say
by
you are people you are none of us can
become
come on today tackle bu ha ha ha ha
ha